Xiaoyue, after this incident,
What experience and education do you have?
It's already too powerful.
It turned out that the medicine was worth thirty yuan even with the paper.
What should it be?
Directly speaking, we are talking about general education. If you remember to think about it,
and claimed that this is very wrong,
Everyone has a growth process,
But it lacks experience and education.
There will be suggestions in the future.
Then what you heard, I saw,
Don't leave now. Stay, not yet.
I was also listening. I was also listening.
I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening.
I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening
Satsuki, do you really love Shocho? Yes
I don’t know, I really want to
all the time
In fact, everyone is willing to follow
I'll give you a new condom
Then you leave Ana alone
pursuit of love
Paul will support you